= Website Screenshot

Creates a new webkit window using the QT framework of a specified url and saves a screenshot when the page has finished loading.


== Usage

From ruby:

  ws = WebsiteScreenshot.new :url => "http://google.com"
  ws.get

Check the docs for additional options.

Command line:

  $ website-screenshot -u http://google.com

You'll probably want to use this library on a webserver. You can easily do so without installing the full X stack by launching it using xvfb:

  $ xvfb-run --server-args="-screen 0, 1400x900x24" --size=1400x900 --url=http://viseztrance.com --file=vise.png


== Flash and other plugins

If flash or any other plugin is installed it will be used while redering the page. Locations can be set with environment variables such as $QTWEBKIT_PLUGIN_PATH.


== Limitations

Webkit segfaults on rare occasions killing the entire ruby process with it - that's why I encourage calling the script from the command line.

The basic qt webkit browser doesn't handle multiple redirects very well, for this reason the +url+ is initially discovered using _curl_. Feel free to fork this and get around the limitation.


== Source code

The source code is hosted on Github: http://github.com/viseztrance/website_screenshot

To get WebsiteScreenshot from source:

  git clone git@github.com:viseztrance/website_screenshot.git


== Aknowledgements and implementations

This code is the heart of a pet project I wrote in my spare time named {mywebsit.es}[http://mywebsit.es].


== License

This package is licensed under the MIT license and/or the Creative
Commons Attribution-ShareAlike.
